hi there I'm marker boy and we're going
to demonstrate from A to B how the
lumber arch works the last video was
little unclear and we're going to spell
it out for some of our viewers
this is the lumber this is the arch this
is the pickup we have to tidy front end
on so it doesn't bounce around all right
I know where we go we're pushing this is
a critical part now the unloading we're
not careful as we let the arch down the
front end will flip up but see what we
do here we'll rope on the end little
trick of the trade there we have it
lumber our connection
roll over
okay then and now the drowning is
trimmer boy and we're here because trim
the cedar planks that Marcus carefully
sliced up and their roofing planks that
are done neatly absolutely parallel nice
western red cedar
so the stickers for the next lines are
in place now literally get up a bit of
air circulation between planks
you